Update README layout, add CONTRIBUTORS file, and add PR template (#251)
peterhuene/azure-functions-rs: README.md

> # &lt;functions.rs&gt;

Reviewer: Let's keep this "Azure Functions for Rust" for now.  That's how I refer to the project (the website I wanted shorter, so `functions.rs` made sense).

[![Dependabot Status](https://api.dependabot.com/badges/status?host=github&repo=peterhuene/azure-functions-rs)](https://dependabot.com)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/crates/l/azure-functions.svg)](https://github.com/peterhuene/azure-functions-rs/blob/master/LICENSE)

> An early-stage framework for implementing [Azure Functions](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/functions/)

Reviewer: I think it's time to get rid of `early-stage`.  While we're not yet a 1.0 stable release, we're far from early :smile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A framework for implementing [Azure Functions](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/functions/)
```

in [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

> :triangular_flag_on_post: **Disclaimer**  
> Although the maintainer of this project is a Microsoft employee, this project is not an officially recognized Microsoft product and is not an endorsement of any future product offering from Microsoft.  
> _Microsoft and Azure are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation._

> 

Reviewer: Just as a personal preference, I like seeing a very small, hello world type example to get a sense of what things look like.  Much how Rocket uses a hello world example on the website and their README right at the top.

Would you mind putting the hello world example back above the `Get Started` section?  Thanks!

Author: Sounds like a good idea! I’ll put it back

## Get Started

> - [Examples](https://github.com/peterhuene/azure-functions-rs/tree/master/examples)

Reviewer: Let's add an item here that links to the `Installation` section.

- [Documentation](https://docs.rs/azure-functions/0.7.0/azure_functions/)
- [Contributing](https://github.com/peterhuene/azure-functions-rs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)

>     - [CMake](#cmake)

Reviewer: Very soon this and the one below are going away 😄.

![](https://media.giphy.com/media/S4P8Z5fiLRpOU/giphy.gif)

Author: Soon!

Reviewer: If you rebase your feature branch, accept yours for the conflict resolution.  Let's remove the CMake and C++ compiler sections then.
